doc: add minutes for meeting 23 April 2020 (#854)
nodejs/TSC: meetings/2020-04-23.md

﻿# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-04-23

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://youtu.be/Da79AzGNiDE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/852

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matheus Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)

## Agenda

### Announcements

> * Myles, Node.js 14 went out this week !   Will be our next LTS release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Myles, Node.js 14 went out this week! Will be our next LTS release.

```

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

* Board meeting this, week.
  * James asked about DCO side of things.
 
*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/node

* openssl security release 1.1.1g - vulnerability HIGH [#32846](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/32846)

>   * Turns out it does not affect Node.js so no need to discussion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Turns out it does not affect Node.js so no need for discussion.

```

   * 33021 adds “force mode”, through exception if there is no hook in place and is 
     selected as the new default.
  * All are/were SemVer major.
  * James, none of these implement behaviour that I would like to see.
    * option ok, but not as default.
  * Anna, deprecation warning is actually different from throwing an exception.
  * Original plan was to do survey
  * Matheus: Only people who are affected by the deprecation warning will be broken. With 
    proposed change handler would be enough so no command line flag required. One thing
    is that any module can add handler which would cause the override.
  * Need to integrate discuss in the issue.
  * Ruben, prefer that we still have survey. 
  * Ruben will write blog post, idea would be to have survey link at the end. 

* http: align with stream.Writable [31818](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31818)
  * Rich has asked for TSC concensus or not on overriding the objection. In this comment 
    https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31818#issuecomment-618180372

### nodejs/docker-node

* Suggestion for dropping Yarn from Node 14 release [#1238](https://github.com/nodejs/docker-node/issues/1238)

>   * Missed window, already released, does not need discussion.

Reviewer 2: doesn’t this need discussion for v15, at least?

Reviewer 3: > doesn’t this need discussion for v15, at least?

/ping @nschonni What do you think? Too early to discuss that?

Reviewer 4: Probably doesn't hurt. I just mentioned over on the other issue, that there are long standing discussions on other threads about it. If the TSC isn't going to weight it, I don't really want to take another beating from the Yarn folks right now.

PS: There is some WG vs Colloborator divide on the docker-node project that I don't exactly understand, and the push to remove it was more from the Collaborators than anyone on the WG

Reviewer 2: imo the decision to include it initially should have had much broader consensus, beyond the WG, perhaps even the TSC.

### nodejs/TSC

* Nominations for TSC Chair - Open April 16 through 30th 2020 [#851](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/851)
  * FYI

* Node.js future directions - any interest in online or in person summit? [#797](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/797)
  * Nothing to discuss this week.

### nodejs/admin

* 2nd Director seat- post July 2020 [#496](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/issues/496)
  * Myles -> Made suggested approach, Michael will documented in 496
  * The Node.js project is happy to continue to provide a director representative and has
    people who are willing to volunteer for the position. If the CPC direction is to no longer have
    the Director seat assigned to the project, the project would like to be consulted/involved in
    the discussion.

## Strategic Initiatives

* V8 Currency
  * No updates from me either. Will probably start working again on the V8 8.3 update PR next week.

* Core Promise APIs
  * No update.

* Build Resources: 
  * nothing new to report this week.

> * joyeecheung

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Startup Performance
```

  * There are two prototypes for including more of the bootstrap process into the startup snapshot, with different designs: nodejs/node#32761 and nodejs/node#32984 . Both are blocked by a V8 issue and there is a WIP in the upstream to fix it .

> 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
```

﻿# Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC) Meeting 2020-04-23

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://youtu.be/Da79AzGNiDE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/852

## Present

* Anna Henningsen @addaleax (TSC)
* James Snell @jasnell (TSC)
* Matheus Marchini @mmarchini (TSC)
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson (TSC)
* Myles Borins @MylesBorins (TSC)
* Ruben Bridgewater @BridgeAR (TSC)
* Sam Roberts @sam-github (TSC)

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Rich Trott @Trott (TSC)

```

      tests were failing and different approach might be better.
   * Change defaults so unhandled rejections hook is higher priority, hook and flag 
     currently work independently. If you had hook and flag then you would not 
     get unhandled exception 
   * 33021 adds “force mode”, through exception if there is no hook in place and is 
     selected as the new default.
  * All are/were SemVer major.
  * James, none of these implement behaviour that I would like to see.
    * option ok, but not as default.
  * Anna, deprecation warning is actually different from throwing an exception.
  * Original plan was to do survey
  * Matheus: Only people who are affected by the deprecation warning will be broken. With 
    proposed change handler would be enough so no command line flag required. One thing
    is that any module can add handler which would cause the override.
  * Need to integrate discuss in the issue.
  * Ruben, prefer that we still have survey. 
  * Ruben will write blog post, idea would be to have survey link at the end. 

* http: align with stream.Writable [31818](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/31818)

>   * Rich has asked for TSC concensus or not on overriding the objection. In this comment 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Rich has asked for TSC consensus or not on overriding the objection. In this comment 
```

>   * Rich has asked for TSC consensus or not on overriding the objection. In this comment 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Rich has asked for TSC consensus or not on overriding the objection. See 
```
